ticket in his ear
and let's hear about the tickets
no it would not be the kingdom of god is
supernatural
Now I want you to keep a lot of silence
because he talks very softly of people
talking laughing is no longer going to hear you
have to hear
of israel says the word of God the
princes of israel were the first
in bringing their treasures so that the temple
will be built and because the princes
they sowed and put their treasures
the rest of the town back until he said
no longer give more
alleluia I will love now only to
those who are going to hit the face of mamón
with a thousand dollars
there are people who have it
God has put you that is not yours is
God
and I put it on to hit tonight
mom's face
if you do not have them here
take one of the envelopes
we have navy oil we have oil
someone has oil
pass me the envelopes
also your nephew
little brothers who brought their first
I took an envelope also those that brought
first the two thousand dollars where they are
my brothers bng fast pass me the oil
father of mighty name jesus
I take this oil symbol of spirits
and decree that function to establish
apostolic option
to establish financial columns
about this nation
is that they will take the bulwark of God to
beat mamón to distribute the
riches of the kingdom
come on them in the name of Jesus
and now it does take the envelope
2 of 500 put on their faces
and those of Milan
your checks
but that's not worth a thousand dollars in 1500
Dollars
and
Wait a minute because I'm still not here
calling that
this is nothing there are some that are
scared this is nothing
with you they saw yesterday making checks
of 100 thousand dollars
they will make them
when you can when you can
and evil to whom they are delivered if you
point all your data and organization
is responsible
let's do very powerful things amen
a thousand dollars is nothing
the day will come when you will be
signing 100 thousand dollars
I will be calling those who want
give $ 10,000 so do not panic
we burn is telling you to scare me love
So much money in my father's house
millions of brothers
this is pocket money for my father
and that gives my husband a word
says what is the price of freedom
raise your hands to heaven
pass those envelopes here pass the
hands in hands
this is useless for you
who is this
gisela
you need to put your address your
phone this does not exist you have to do it
with integrate
ah already put the check is promise sorry